Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
On today's episode, we are so excited to have Joy Whithouse reading Psalm 146 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Psalm 146:
Praise the Lord.
Praise the lord, o my soul.
I will praise the Lord while I live.
I will sing praises to my God.
While I have my being.
Do not trust in princes
Immortal man in whom there is no salvation
His spirit departs
He returns to the earth.
And that very day
His thoughts perish.
How blessed is he
Whose help is the God of Jacob?
whose hope is in the Lord his God.
who made heaven and earth.
The sea, it barked.
And all that is in them.
Who keeps faith forever
Who executes justice for the oppressed
Who gives food to the hungry
The Lord sets the prisoners free.
The Lord opens the eyes of the blind.
The Lord raises up those who are bowed down.
The Lord loves the righteous.
The Lord protects the strangers.
He supports the fatherless and the widow.
But he thwarts the way of the wicked.
The Lord will reign forever.
Your God, O Zion, to all generations, praise the Lord.
Because God's wills step in.
Where human help stops
Or as guards will perform strictly
Through human action
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.